change log entry for indexer batching (#33976)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- A redesigned repository page is now available under the `new-repo-page` feature flag. [#33319](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/33319)
- Notebooks are now enabled by default. [#33706](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/33706)
- The Code Insights GraphQL API now accepts Search Contexts as a filter and will extract the expressions embedded the `repo` and `-repo` search query fields from the contexts to apply them as filters on the insight. [#33866](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/33866)

> - The Code Insights commit indexer can now capture commits in smaller batches. Set the number of days per batch in `insights.commit.indexer.windowDuration`. A value of 0 (default) will disable batching. [#33666](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/33666)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Code Insights commit indexer can now index commits in smaller batches. Set the number of days per batch in the site setting `insights.commit.indexer.windowDuration`. A value of 0 (default) will disable batching. [#33666](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/33666)
```
